moreover take up a lamentation for the
moreover take up a lamentation for the princes of Israel and say what is your
princes of Israel and say what is your
princes of Israel and say what is your mother a lioness she lay down among the
mother a lioness she lay down among the
mother a lioness she lay down among the Lions among the young lions she
Lions among the young lions she
Lions among the young lions she nourished her cubs she brought up one of
nourished her cubs she brought up one of
nourished her cubs she brought up one of her cubs and he became a young lion he
her cubs and he became a young lion he
her cubs and he became a young lion he learned to catch prey and he devoured
learned to catch prey and he devoured
learned to catch prey and he devoured men the nations also heard of him he was
men the nations also heard of him he was
men the nations also heard of him he was trapped in their pit and they brought
trapped in their pit and they brought
trapped in their pit and they brought him with chains to the land of Egypt
him with chains to the land of Egypt
him with chains to the land of Egypt when she saw that she waited that her
when she saw that she waited that her
when she saw that she waited that her hope was lost she took another of her
hope was lost she took another of her
hope was lost she took another of her cubs and made him a young lion he roved
cubs and made him a young lion he roved
cubs and made him a young lion he roved among the Lions and became a young lion
among the Lions and became a young lion
among the Lions and became a young lion he learned to catch prey he devoured men
he learned to catch prey he devoured men
he learned to catch prey he devoured men he knew their desolate places and laid
he knew their desolate places and laid
he knew their desolate places and laid waste their cities the land with its
waste their cities the land with its
waste their cities the land with its fullness was desolated by the noise of
fullness was desolated by the noise of
fullness was desolated by the noise of his roar then the nations set against
his roar then the nations set against
his roar then the nations set against him from the provinces on every side and
him from the provinces on every side and
him from the provinces on every side and spread their net over him he was trapped
spread their net over him he was trapped
spread their net over him he was trapped in their pit they put him in a cage with
in their pit they put him in a cage with
in their pit they put him in a cage with chains and brought him to the king of
chains and brought him to the king of
chains and brought him to the king of Babel they brought him in nets that his
Babel they brought him in nets that his
Babel they brought him in nets that his voice should no longer be heard on the
voice should no longer be heard on the
voice should no longer be heard on the mountains of his
mountains of his
mountains of his your mother was like a vine in your
your mother was like a vine in your
your mother was like a vine in your bloodline
bloodline
bloodline planted by the waters fruitful and full
planted by the waters fruitful and full
planted by the waters fruitful and full of branches because of many waters she
of branches because of many waters she
of branches because of many waters she had strong branches for scepters of
had strong branches for scepters of
had strong branches for scepters of rumors she towered in stature above the
rumors she towered in stature above the
rumors she towered in stature above the thick branches and was seen in her
thick branches and was seen in her
thick branches and was seen in her height
height
height amid the dense foliage but she was
amid the dense foliage but she was
amid the dense foliage but she was plucked up in fury she was cast down to
plucked up in fury she was cast down to
plucked up in fury she was cast down to the ground and the east wind dried her
the ground and the east wind dried her
the ground and the east wind dried her fruit her strong branches were broken
fruit her strong branches were broken
fruit her strong branches were broken and withered the fire consumed them and
and withered the fire consumed them and
and withered the fire consumed them and now she is planted in the wilderness in
now she is planted in the wilderness in
now she is planted in the wilderness in a dry and thirsty land fire has come out
a dry and thirsty land fire has come out
a dry and thirsty land fire has come out from a rod of her branches and devoured
from a rod of her branches and devoured
from a rod of her branches and devoured her fruit so that she has no strong
her fruit so that she has no strong
her fruit so that she has no strong branch a scepter for ruling
branch a scepter for ruling
branch a scepter for ruling this is a lamentation and has become a
this is a lamentation and has become a
this is a lamentation and has become a lamentation
lamentation
lamentation [Music]